place the makehtml.exe file in your c:\Dynamix\Tribes directory

to run the conversion just double click the makehtml.exe icon in your tribes directory.

This is a support program for HH Crunchy's MatchStats.cs script.
It checks to see if you have a KillsLog.cs file in your C:\Dynamix\Tribes\Temp directory
if it does not find one, it will not continue.

The makehtml.exe program does the following:
1. reads the current KillsLog.cs file and extracts the data from it.
2. creates a file called latest_match.html that contains the match detail information
3. updates or creates a data file called teams.file, (this file is a totalizer file for each team in the league)
4. creates a file called Tribe_Totals.html that contains season totals for each team (teams are sorted in alpha order)
5. updates or creates a data file called player.file, (this file is a totalizer file for each player in the league)
6. creates a file called player_totals.html that contains season totals for each player.

IMPORTANT!!
each time you run makehtml.exe the teams.file is updated by adding the current KillsLog.cs data to the existing numbers
so if you run makehtml.exe 5 times with the same KillsLog.cs file you will get the Original KillsLog.cs data X 5.

Just run makehtml.exe ONCE on each KillsLog.cs

latest_match.html and Tribe_Totals.html are REPLACED each time makehtml.exe is run
teams.file is updated.
 
DETAILS for latest_match.html :

Players are sorted in Alpha Order 
(so if team prefixes are in front of each players name the table will have one team on top the other on bottom)

Totals for each player of Kills, Deaths, Flag Caps, Flag Returns are in the players row.

The program also extracts a list of Players who Killed each player including suicides 
and lists them for each player along with the number of times the killer did so.

The same is done for Deaths.

Note: the file, latest_match.html is created in your Tribes directory.
It is recommended that this file be renamed and moved to keep track of matches.

The table does not have any match information included Only the team names
but any text editor will allow you to edit the .html file and add comments, Team scores , Mod, Map etc etc.
This is meant to save you lots of time by not having to extract the data from Crunchy's log file.

DETAILS FOR Tribe_Totals.html
Team information is stored in a data file called teams.file in the same dir as makehtml.exe
Stats kept are :
1. matches played
2. total kills for the team
3. total deaths for the team
4. total flag grabs
5. total flag caps
6. total flag returns
7. total carrier kills

TO RESET the TEAM TOTALS DELETE or remove from dir the teams.file

DETAILS for player_total.html
Player information is stored in a data file called player.file in the same dir as makehtml.exe
Stats kept are :
1. players team as of last match
2. total kills
3. weapons used to kill and number of kills per weapon
4. total deaths
5. weapons the player died from and how many times
6. total flag grabs
7. total flag caps
8. total flag returns
9. total carrier kills
10. matches played


TO RESET the PLAYER TOTALS DELETE or remove from dir the player.file

Let me know if you like this program or it helps you out..
.001 seconds is pretty fast for table formating of a match :)

This program was tested on Win NT SR(4) and Win98
The original source was coded in PERL

Greg "Rincon" Moreland
rincon@wcc.net